doc: nrf: app_dev: Update files to show dts file output (#29149)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf53/building_nrf53.rst

      To build and program a sysbuild HEX file, follow the instructions in :ref:`programming_cmd` for the application core sample.

      To program the multi-image HEX files, you can use west or nRF Util.

      .. note::

>             The sysbuild Kconfig :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MERGED_HEX_FILES` must be enabled to generate merged hex files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            To generate merged HEX files, you must enable the  :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MERGED_HEX_FILES` sysbuild Kconfig option.
```

Author: fixed
